GUI Plan
Images:
Squid game images


Audio
“Let the Games Begin” 
Red light green light sound
Squid game audio clips: https://www.myinstants.com/en/search/?name=squid%20game 
“STOP I’VE PLAYED THESE GAMES BEFORE” when player revives
Player has been eliminated when bomb goes off

Video:

Bomb Plan Ideas
Theme:
Squid Games


Objective:
Make it through all four phases of the game

Wires:
Give the user two hexcode to perform bitwise arithmetic which will result in two hexcode which the user will connect to create the color of the hex code achieved. They will have to figure out what operation to do to obtain the correct hexcode to match the correct colour of the bridge tile to move safely.  


Keypad:
Mix up keypad numbers (ex. Move row 1 2 3 to the bottom so keypad is 456, 789, 123, *0#
Encrypted code -> if it is wrong, the timer and music speed up

Buttons:
Flashing different colors (possibly depending on the wires)
Squid game red light green light hold a button until it goes red


Toggles:
Specific sequence of the toggles (ex. On, on, off) defuses the bomb
Toggles can be assigned different values. Let the users determine the sequence to allow  

Timer:
Speed up/slow down timer if the user does the wrong or right thing (ex. Wrong button pressed)
Reset timer back to a higher countdown when it gets low (ex. When it hits 1 min, reset to 5 min if the user does something specific)

Phases/stages with multiple different mini games 
Red light green light
Bridge? Give multiple lives/chances



PHASE 0:
User enters player number
(if bomb explodes, player [player number] has been eliminated)

*phases 1-4 do not have to be in order – will be called randomly*
PHASE 1: Trivia?
Easiest level/phase
Trivia/multiple choice questions - somehow related to our theme but still everyone should be able to answer
Show questions on GUI



PHASE 2: Red Light, Green Light
Red light green light?


PHASE 3:



PHASE 4: Hopscotch
Squid game bridge game?
Users get 5 lives on the bridge 
Choose to go left or right (need to find a way to make this not just be a guessing game)




MANUAL:


